#############################################################################################
######        ENPM 673 - Perception for Autonomous Robots                           #########
###### Author @Kushagra Agrawal                                                     #########
###### Project 2 - Problem 1: Improving the Quality of Low Light Video Footage from a Car ###
#######          - Problem 2: Lane Detection                    #############################
#############################################################################################



#########################################################################
#                    #***************************#                      #
#                    #*** Directory Structure ***#						#
#                    #***************************#						#
#     																	#
#																		#
# 	"kushagra7176/Lane_Detection_and_Detection.zip" 												#
# (Extract this compressed file to any desired folder) 					#
#	Folder Name after extraction: Lane_Detection_and_Detection						#
#																#
#									|-Question 1.py					#
#									|-Question2_data1.py			#
#									|-Question2_data2.py			#
#									|-Report.pdf						#
#									|-README.md							#
#																		#
#########################################################################


*************** Special Instructions **************************

-- Install all package dependencies like OpenCv(cv2) before running the code.
-- Update pip and all the packages to the latest versions.
-- Make sure you have the following files in your directory:
	1. Night Drive-2689.mp4
	2. "data_1" and "data_2" files

Instructions to run the file:

################## PyCharm IDE preferred #############

-> Extract the "kushagra7176/Lane_Detection_and_Detection.zip" to any desired folder.

-> 1. Using Command Prompt:

->-> Navigate to the codes inside "kushagra7176/Lane_Detection_and_Detection.zip" folder, right click and select open terminal or command prompt here. (Skip Step 5 and go to Step 6)
	*** use 'python3' instead of 'python' in the terminal if using Linux based OS ***
	Execute the files by using the following commands in command prompt or terminal:
	--python .\Question 1.py      
	--python .\Question2_data1.py
	--python .\Question2_data2.py

-> 2. Using PyCharm IDE

	Open all the files in the IDE and click Run and select the "<filename.py>" to execute.
	
	
FINAL NOTE: 

->	The Output file generated by 'Question1.py' is 'Problem 1 Output.avi' video file and will be saved under the same directory as the code.
->	The Output file generated by 'Question2_data1.py' is 'Question2_data_1.avi' video file and will be saved under the same directory as the code.
->	The Output file generated by 'Question2_data2.py' is 'Question2_data_2.avi' video file and will be saved under the same directory as the code.

	
